Did you hear that kid?
What Master Sun said about you is false
We are half a catty
I didn't lose.
With Master Sun's eyesight
Can't be wrong
But this kid?
It's not easy
He can find out
Antique convention all wrong counterfeit
Maybe.
This kid will also become a master builder in the future
Master Sun
I respect you as a master
But you're still a little old
What about the vision?
Wait a minute
You say my eyesight is poor.
Well, please enlighten me.
How can this be true?
OK. Do you have a razor? Yes.
Master Shen
Please see how I can prove it to you.
That's true.
Shaodian
Even porn
Can't be so wasted
Ye Xuan, you are confusing
If you ruin your film
Then I win
Huh, beautiful
Here we go.